Idea developed by Paul Saffo. Here are his words:

> The fastest way to an effective forecast is often through a sequence of lousy forecasts. Instead of withholding judgment until an exhaustive search for data is complete, I will force myself to make a tentative forecast based on the information available, and then systematically tear it apart, using the insights gained to guide my search for further indicators and information. Iterate the process a few times, and it is surprising how quickly one can get to a useful forecast. 
> 
> Since the mid-1980s, my mantra for this process is “strong opinions, weakly held. Allow your intuition to guide you to a conclusion, no matter how imperfect — this is the “strong opinion” part. Then –and this is the “weakly held” part– prove yourself wrong. Engage in creative doubt. Look for information that doesn’t fit, or indicators that point in an entirely different direction. Eventually your intuition will kick in and a new hypothesis will emerge out of the rubble, ready to be ruthlessly torn apart once again. You will be surprised by how quickly the sequence of faulty forecasts will deliver you to a useful result.

In business and in life, sometimes the decision must be made, right now, under great uncertainty. In football, the games must be played. You can't wait until you're completely prepared and have all the answers. 

The best way to handle these situations is to take the information you have, develop a working hypothesis and make a decision based on that. The trick is to be willing to completely abandon that idea -- despite just having bet something important in your life, your team's chance of victory, or your business on it -- if new evidence warrants it. This is a difficult thing to do.

Strong opinions, weakly held also overlaps with ideas about keeping an open mind. For instance, entertaining conspiracy theories isn't fundamentally crazy -- sometimes there are conspiracies! Failing to abandon a conspiracy theory when the evidence warrants it, however, or seeing conspiracies everywhere you turn is holding onto your opinions too strongly.